# Annie Besant (1847-1934)
This is based on the remarkable true life story of Annie Besant (1847-1934) A strong orator, energetic activist and idealist, this Englishwoman mixed with the leading politicians and writers of her day. A modern women, a pioneer of the feminist movement yet a deeply spiritual person.

The script covers her journey from a deeply religious and sheltered life to gaining awareness of the poverty and misery of the the poor. By chance, she stumbles into the then popular of spiritualism, secularism and socialism and becomes a well-known activist in the trade union movement and for women's rights. In London, she was a friend of Oscar Wilde  and other society people as well as the lover of George Bernard Shaw. But she never quite threw off her spiritual side and, at the height of her popularity, suddenly turned her back on political life and joined Madame Blavatsky, the notorious Russian who founded the Theosophical Society. Annie Besant eventually became President the Society and moved to India. She adopted Krishnamurti, who went on to become a world-renown teacher and philosopher. Annie returned eventually to politics and became the only white women to head the Indian National Congress where she fought alongside Gandhi for home rule.

This is the story of a woman who succeeded against the odds by her power with words and became a beacon for women who followed. Yet she was also a flawed character, lacking humour and misled by men. Right up to her old age she was still searching for a truth that always seem to eluded her but finds some reconciliation in her last  years. 

Our amazing tale takes us from England to America, India, Sri Lanka and Singapore as Annie pursues her passions. The story offers many opportunities in capturing life and scenes from the Victorian era, in London and the more exotic places. Apart from the roles offered to the three or four actors portraying Annie, there are many cameo performances which will excite actors. 
